you got
oh my god just the battery just went out
hey guys good morning it's me Michi I
was jamming to Kirk Franklin you look so
much better when you uh-oh seems like
yeah he jams I don't care i love her
Franklin and I'm told he lives in the
Dallas area um I've never seen him well
I saw him at church one time at the
potter's house he came for one of the
woman our loose sessions and he was so
it's all like his suit was tiny he was
tiny but his spirit is so large you just
uh I just want to pick him up and hug
him but I like him he's got a new CD I
haven't copped it yet but I want to get
it is it even out good now tell me I
need to check it out I know that he has
that single out but I don't know if the
entire CDs out I think it is you know
what it is out because I went to bestbuy
and they were out of it and so I went to
walmart and they were out so I ended up
getting deitrick haddon see a CD church
on the moon that's the name he said that
he's doing it different I got that CD I
like the song called well done and it's
such an awesome song because huh when
you smooth it all out and you get it all
together and you put this whole thing
into perspective when it's all said and
done my main goal my main objective is
for the my lord and savior jesus christ
to say well done thou good and faithful
servant that's it well done I'm just
trying to get in the gate do you hear me
like you know Bible talks about crowns
and you'll have to wear a crown I don't
need any more jewelry I have enough
embellishments here okay just let me get
in okay I just want to be with my lord
and savior jesus christ that is so
important to me so on those days when
you feel like you know what you can't
take it anymore you can't make it
anymore you're stressed out
disillusioned hard to get along with
that's my old pass used to say just
remember when it's all said and done the
main objective is for Jesus to say well
done that good and faithful servant I
don't know where that came from but I
was listening to the song smile and one
of the lyrics and the song says it's
hard to look up when you look down
and that's true you know you had those
days where you feel like you're going
through so much and nobody understands
and you don't know if you can take it
anymore you just want to give up but
there's always that glimmer of hope and
when you're a believer in Christ you
never ever ever are left in the cold
you're never in the dark you never slip
through the cracks like there are times
when you might feel like Jesus says for
God knew the Lord has forgotten you or
you can't take it you can't make it you
may have had a dream that was crushed in
your opinion or a goal that was crushed
her you may even lost a loved one or had
something devastating happened to you
and you might feel like you know what
that works for her or him but it's not
working for me but it's not the truth
the Bible says that all things work
together for the good of them that love
the Lord and all the called according to
his purpose am I saying that the
devastating horrible thing that you may
have experienced is a good thing no not
by any means am I saying that not at all
we all have issues that we have to go
through that's our lot in life at that
time but somehow someway Jesus can make
it all work out and and that is the
promise that he gives us you cannot slip
through the cracks that you know there
are you ever notice okay check this out
I was gonna give you an example and I
don't even know if I'm going there the
right place but I'm gonna go there you
ever read something in the news and they
say that this person did this this this
and this and they don't even have the
qualifications or they should have
checked their background and it's a
company that you would never think that
person could ever be employed with and
they do something like Rob the whole
company and they're like once we did his
background check we found this that any
other you would think that that person
slipped through the cracks it's like why
what how did they even get an
opportunity to be in that atmosphere are
you kidding me don't you guys do an
extensive background check or you know
then you didn't you cross your T's and
dot your i's that doesn't happen with
the Lord it just does it nobody slips
through the cracks he doesn't forget
about you he doesn't say you know you
can go in but you can't go in he knows
exactly what he's doing he makes no
mistakes you're not a mistake he hasn't
given up on you so don't give up on him
and the only thing that we have to rely
on as believers is the word of God we
have to constantly inundate ourselves
with the word of God the Bible says be
transformed by the renewing of your mind
it takes you to renew your mind to
understand what is going
one sometimes sometimes it doesn't look
clear and it doesn't feel right but God
always says trust me when you can't
trace me that's what I always here when
I'm in prayer when I feel like I'm going
through something and sometimes I don't
want to pray can we just be real can we
talk about it I'm just like can you just
fix it already doesn't always work like
that there's something that I have to
learn in the process and as soon as I
realize that you know what this is what
I went through all that for it all
becomes easy there's a song that got
placed in my spirit and it's called let
go and let god and it's the truth the
words say soon as I stop wandering or
worrying worrying how my story ends I
let go and I let god I let God have his
way that's when things started happening
when I stopped looking at back then so
let God let him have his way let go and
let God have his way and it's true you
know when you stop looking at your
problems and you have something bigger
to look at and you understand that he's
the author and finisher of your faith
that thing gets smaller and smaller I'm
smaller and then you look up and you're
like oh my god I made it through it I
made it through it and then your
relationship grows even with him even
the more okay I don't know where it came
from how losing the Kirk Franklin he was
jamming this morning on the radio
Yolanda Adams 97 oh it's on am here in
Dallas but it's heaven 97 k hv in ow
okay i need to go to work right now what
sit in the car get ready to go to work
anyway god bless you i hope this makes
sense you i'm rambling really I don't
know this is a food for thought this is
just a random thought mmm but god is
good you know he is in the midst of our
so-called economy recession oh and by
the way i am not participating in the
recession i'm a believer i am not a
participant I hear people I've always
say you know we're in the middle of
recession we don't include me and we I
don't speak French okay no I am NOT in
the middle of it i am going to be wise
my bible tells me that my god shall
supply all my needs according to his
riches in glory and if he owns it and
I'm his child I wouldn't go to him and
say hey I really need some help and he
will supply it he will he would never
leave you nor forsake you are you
kidding me so yes there are a lot of bad
things happening right now but I have to
keep my eye on the prize and that is
Jesus all right I'm done
only what's going on right now like I'm
just talking okay guys god bless you i
love you take care